In the last lecture, we made sure that we can pick an image but now I want to pass this on.
So let's now go to share place and there, I expect to have an event I can listen to essentially, so on
image picked, something like this where I can then execute a method where I handle the image. So I will add
my handler method here,
image picked handler, there I expect to get the image, we'll see which format this will have and I want
to store that in the state here
so I'll add a new control where I got an image where I also have a value which is null and the valid
property which is false
and this will work pretty much the same as the location did.
So the goal is to set the image once we well got one,
so here I will call this set state, also get
the previous state here to not override any other controls we have
and I want to return a javascript object in here of course, set the controls.
First of all copy all the property from the old state controls and then override the image to set the
value to the image object
we're getting here and set valid to true.
Now we need to connect the image picked handler to our on image picked event here, like this.
So theoretically this would be how we store the image in a state of share place component,
I also now want to forward this when we basically click the button,
so here I will then call or also pass this state controls image value as an argument and I also want to
disable the button if it's invalid, so I'll add another condition I want to check, this button should also
be disabled if state controls image is not valid.
And finally at the bottom where we map dispatch to props, we now also get an image which I also want
to pass to add place and therefore we also need to go to the action file, so places in the actions folder
and on add place,
I now will also accept to get an image,
so here, let's also add image and forward the image.
Now in the reducer, here we're right now handling the image by hardcoding it in here,
now if we have a look at pick image real quick here, we saw that we set up picked image by accessing the
URI property on the response.
Now response is a couple of other things too like the error and so on,
that is why I extracted the URI here and created my own object. Well, whatever we forward should
be something that also has a URI property.
So in the reducer, we can therefore assign our own custom image object we're constructing here
to an object which has an URI
where we then access image action image URI, something like this.
This should successfully add the image to this well store and use the image we just created or we just
picked. So that's the reducer updated too, save all these files since the structure of our image here didn't change,
the detailed screen still should work
alright,
we had a path in the past, we have a path now,
so this always should have worked.
What we can now do is or what we have to do, we have to make sure that since in share place, I listened to
on image picked on the pick image component, that we basically have this as a prop and that we then can
indirectly call image picked handler from within pick image.
We want to call this here in the pick image handler of course after we set the state,
so when we successfully picked an image here. Then I will call this props on image picked and there forward
an object where I at least have my URI property, so we'll forward res.uri here
and that should actually be it.
Now let's save this and let's test it on Android by reloading the Android app
and as always, logging in with some random credentials here for now,
let's now click pick
image. On Android,
it's opposite to iOS, choosing from library
won't work, there
we won't find any folders on the simulator but you can take a photo, allow access, yeah
thank you
and then you've got this dummy screen where you can indeed take a photo,
not super beautiful but it will do the trick,
so that's the photo we want to use.
Now thanks to this little introduction, it broke, so let's try this again,
take photo,
now if we take it, we're asked if we want to use that photo,
yes we do,
here's our photo.
Let's now also pick some place and enter something here
and with that, let's share this place,
find the places and we see our photo which isn't super beautiful but it works,
that's the key thing.
Let's also see this on iOS,
quickly log in here, share a place, pick an image, here again from library, maybe
this again is really beautiful,
let's pick a place, let's give this a caption, share the place,
find the places, open it and we see our photo both in the preview and here.
So that's really beautiful,
with that we get this to work as it should.
Now we can also delete it of course, that also still works
and with that, you saw how you could use the image picker. Now there's one more thing I want to show you in the
next lecture and then we'll conclude this module.